Any wonder about the Welsh language? Just remember, the Romans made them speak Latin first.
Along came the Danes and made them speak Danish, then the Norwegians, and then the Swedish,
and then the Anglo-Saxons, and finally the French made them speak French.
So hence you can see why we might have a little bit of trouble with the Welsh language,
but we owe it to ourselves to keep it alive.
Let's turn to the next song, and the wind will help us with the pronunciation of that again.
And I'm going to ask you to sing the first verse in English,
and the next two verses in Welsh as they are written on your sheet, okay?
Come, great and holy, and then bound,
I bring you all the heavenly ground.
Then shall we all embrace and sing the good and the bad, the free and the bad.
Let's do that once more. Would you like to stand up? Yeah, let's stand up.
Here we go now.
Come, great and holy, and then bound, I bring you all the heavenly ground.
Then shall we all embrace and sing the good and the bad, the free and the bad.
We're not going to help them, but we'll do well.
And line by line,
O yes, the mouth grows onion-beard,
The eye will go on, then onion-beard,
You'll never grow it, for it's dry seed,
That's really difficult, isn't it?
For it's dry seed,
Our very diet, you're gonna need.
Okay, gentlemen. Here we go.
O yes, the mouth grows onion-beard,
The eye will go on, then onion-beard,
You'll never grow it, for it's dry seed,
Our very diet, you're gonna need.
Amen.
Thank you very much.